Diversify GPU Instance Types in the SRG_GSLC Compute Environment (#2513)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [9.0.2]

### Changed

> - The `SRG_GSLC` job type can now use multiple GPU instance types from the G5, G6, and G6e instance families.
> 

Reviewer: Something like this to account for the fact that both `SRG_GSLC` and `SRG_TIME_SERIES` are affected?
```suggestion
- The `SrgGslc` custom compute environment now includes multiple GPU instance types from the G5, G6, and G6e instance families.
```
